In this module, we had a closer look at how we can handle user input, how we can handle input and validation
of input in text inputs,
that was a lot of inputs and of course the same concepts could be used on other inputs types like a
toggle or something, there you can also bind the value, get the value to which it is toggled
and find out if it is valid,
set up your own logic.
The key takeaway is that in react native just like in react for web, you have to write this own logic,
there is no built-in validation.
You also learned how you can output or change the state depending on the validity and you learned how
you can manage this keyboard, set it to the right type, make it dismissible and also make sure that user
can always see what he needs to see when typing something.
These are all very useful things
and with that, we can move on and see which other things we can get from the user,
maybe something like an image.